first big Snagit a day in the West Coast
bill is the freaking tires the wheels
that I picked out aren't lining up for
matching the the hubs that I've got I
wouldn't expect an app when I when I've
got the wheels just wasn't something I
was thinking of the bolt pattern is the
same but the design of the wheel itself
is a real inset will so it the hub has
to go in deeper into the wheel in order
for the bolts to go through and give you
enough bite and it adapt I can't machine
out the wheel is probably wouldn't run
the wheel and I can't do crap to the
frickin hub so I'm gonna take the hub
down now to the tire place where I got
these custom wheels from and see if we
can't find another nice set of custom
wheels that these hubs will actually
match up and work so that's my man I'm
all for guitar plays hey this is rich
with Gator pit as Eric around
no I just wanted to see if he was there
I'm on my way I'm gonna need him to help
me out with some tires and and I'll be
there in five ten minutes all right I
see a little bit Thanks
good Erick's there the manager he's a
guy always deal with if anybody can get
this fixed it'll be him we'll find out I
hope he does I mean it's just Friday
this is not a problem I need or Friday
and
I just don't need this problem this
could be a big problem that I may have
to wait till Monday to deal with and
that's gonna set me back three days
I don't have three days
for something that really is hopefully
gonna be a simple fix and we get it
fixed today I need the class of wealthy
husband I bought the herbs
that wheel stops yes it's just a front
wheel drive
we're fix to build two axes a my my head
water comes in he says you got a problem
leave your problems behind your problems
that's a polished wheel there's almost
coming the same setup as a razor then
without the globe windows on the razor a
little more dance to it yeah we get
better kind of it kind of get this into
work this month
like those bits got black in there too I
like to love it yeah they're like in
these middle one effect right I never
thought being the front driver hit the
gas
we're gonna dig don't work ever since
back yeah not much
yeah yeah yeah those a wardrobe yeah
yeah yeah I like those
it's time to get to those
problem solved about 30 minutes we'll
have our new wheels and tires it
actually worked out better because now
I'm getting what I wanted originally
which I couldn't get the fool with the
wheels that I picked out earlier and
that is I like white letters so now
we're gonna get the new wheels which I
even like these wheels better than the
last ones and I'm getting my white
letters I think white letter on the wall
is old-school I just love it it just I
just like that style and I know it's
old-school the show it on barbecue pit
Texas style pit traditional pit it's
going to go in perfectly what I'm doing
great pretty great I'm happy now
double check it all right problem solved
on the wheel issue took us about
probably an hour to get that issue
resolved that's good if he's having to
wait three days so we've got the new
wheels we've got the new tires it
actually worked out for the best because
these are what I was originally wanting
when I went to look for tires and wheels
and at the time it wasn't an option it
just wasn't there so when the time I got
the other wheels the original wheels and
tires they apparently got these in stock
the tires that I wanted with the white
letters on it and I'm happy man I'm good
to go
all I asked him back to the shop get
these new tires and wheels to tomando
and let them sort custom faffing the
axles
and it's going to start coming together
I can't wait to see tomorrow when we
start putting it really all together and
I can really see what I had in my brain
and what I had on that piece of paper
coming together and I know I'm gonna get
more ideas and I'm sure we're going to
run into more problems hopefully this
was the worst of it
and we don't have anything else so I'm
happy I'm back to being happy my stress
levels going down just a tad bit and
looking forward to get this project done
and getting over to the West Coast
Customs there in California